"a black dog jumps over a yellow fence."
"a man in a black shirt is walking down a street."
"a man in a blue shirt is walking down the street with a woman in a red shirt."
"a man in a blue shirt is riding a bike on a dirt path."
"a young boy is jumping over a tree"
"a dog with a stick in its mouth is running through a field of grass."
"a black dog with a red collar is running in a field."
"a dog running through a field in the snow."
"a man and a woman stand on a sidewalk."
"a girl is jumping into the air while another girl holds a candle."
"a man is riding a bike on the sidewalk."
"a man is standing in a large concrete building and looking at a black and white camera."
"a woman with a black hat and a white coat is sitting on a bench"
"a woman is standing in front of a building."
"a woman in a red shirt and a white shirt is holding a baby in a tube."
"a dog is running in a field of grass."
"a man in a red shirt is standing in front of a red and white building."
"a little boy is standing next to a rock in a field"
"a man in a white shirt and black hat is riding a bicycle."
"a dog running in the snow."
"a boy wearing a pink shirt and a blue shirt is sliding down a slide."
"a dog is jumping through the air as another dog is watching."
"a dog jumps over a hurdle."
"a man wearing a blue shirt is standing on a rock."
"a boy is jumping into a pool."
"a man and a woman are standing in front of a tree in the forest."
"a young boy is holding a toy with a boy in a red shirt and blue shorts."
"a man in a black shirt and sunglasses is walking down a street."
"a man in a black shirt and a black shirt is riding a bike."
"a dog is running in a grassy field."
"a man wearing a red shirt and black pants is sitting on a bench in front of a house."
"a black and white dog running on the beach"
"a little girl is playing with a toy."
"a man in a red shirt and black shorts walking on a sidewalk."
"the man in the blue shirt is sitting on a bench."
"a dog is running through the water."
"a man is wearing a helmet and is in a crowd."
"a little boy is jumping off of a red and black plastic raft."
"a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a fountain."
"a dog is jumping on the green grass."
"a man in a black shirt is sitting on a bench and reading a book."
"a man with a white shirt is in a black and white shirt"
"a group of people sit on a bench in a park."
"a dog is jumping into the water."
"a man is standing on the grass and a woman is sitting on a bench."
"a dog is jumping in the water."
"a man is standing on a rock near a waterfall."
"a dog is running on the grass."
"a dog and a dog playfully chase a ball in the snow."
"a brown dog jumping through a snow tunnel."
"a woman in a white shirt and a black scarf standing on a sidewalk."
"a man in a blue shirt is standing in the grass."
"a dog is running through a field in the snow."
"a woman in a blue shirt and a man in a red shirt are walking on a sidewalk."
"two people are sitting on a bench."
"a young boy is walking through the forest."
"a woman is riding a bike on the sidewalk."
"a man wearing a red shirt is in a motorcycle, while a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a blue motorcycle."
"a dog is jumping over a small rock."
"a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt are in the air."
"a little boy in a black shirt and a brown jacket is wearing a blue shirt and a blue jacket."
"a dog is jumping into the water."
"a little girl in a green shirt and pink shorts is playing with a big pink toy."
"a girl in a pink dress and a woman in a blue dress."
"a boy in a yellow shirt is sitting in a grassy area."
"a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing on a rocky shore"
"a dog jumps over a log in a field."
"a girl wearing a pink shirt and a yellow t-shirt is sitting in a plastic bucket."
"a black dog jumping into the water."
"a man in a white shirt and a blue hat is holding a baby."
"a black and white dog jumps over a yellow fence."
"two children sit on a swing set."
"a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing outside on a rock."
"a woman in a black shirt and a red cap is holding a baby in a blue bag."
"a man wearing a red shirt and a white hat is standing on a hillside in front of a park."
"a man in a white shirt is holding a child in his arms."
"a man wearing a black shirt and a black pants and a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk, a crowd is gathered behind him and his bike is parked outside."
"a man in a green shirt and sunglasses is walking down the street."
"a girl with a pink shirt is jumping on a bench."
"a man wearing a white shirt and white shorts and black pants is standing in the middle of a road."
"a man in a black shirt and a white shirt is sitting in the surf with a surfboard."
"a man in a white shirt is holding a child in a blue shirt."
"a young girl in a red shirt and pink skirt wearing a pink dress is walking down the street."
"a dog is running in the snow"
"a man in a red shirt and black pants is holding a baby in his arms."
"a dog is jumping into the water with a stick in its mouth."
"a man in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard down a dirt hill."
"a man in a blue shirt is standing on the sidewalk next to a road."
"a man wearing a helmet is jumping over a hurdle."
"a man is standing in the snow."
"a man and a woman are sitting at a table with a large sign."
"a young woman wearing a red and black outfit is standing in a crowd."
"a dog jumps over a fence."
"a dog in a blue coat and a white collar is running through the grass."
"a woman in a green jacket and a man in a blue jacket."
"a man in a black shirt and jeans is in a green shirt and jeans."
"a man in a red shirt is jumping a rock."
"a dog runs across the grass."
"a black man with a white shirt is standing in front of a red car with a sign reading 'A car is parked next to a white car."
"a man in a white shirt and blue jeans standing on a rock face."
"a girl in a blue shirt and blue jeans is in the air"
"a young man wearing a yellow shirt is holding a pink toy."
"a boy in a black shirt is in a black shirt and a white shirt."
"a dog runs through the grass."
"a little boy is sitting on the sand with his arms stretched out."
"a woman is sitting on the side of a large rock."
"a woman in a white shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people."
"a man and a woman standing in a crowd."
"a man in a yellow shirt is in a white shirt and sunglasses."
"a girl in a blue dress is running in a park."
"a black dog runs through the grass."
"a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench in front of a building."
"a man is standing in the snow with a snowman in the background."
"two dogs playing in the snow."
"a black dog jumps in the air while another dog watches."
"a man and a woman are playing tennis."
"a girl in a blue jacket walks through the grass."
"a young girl in a white dress and a white dress is standing in front of a white sign."
"a man in a white shirt and a woman in a blue shirt are standing in front of a large crowd."
"a black and white dog is jumping up in the air in the grass."
"a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a blue and black building with a large crowd."
"a woman wearing a white and black jacket sits on a bench with a person in the background."
"a dog is running through the grass."
"a man in a blue shirt is standing next to a large white building."
"a man in a white shirt and jeans is walking on a sidewalk."
"a man and a woman are sitting on a bench on a sidewalk."
"a man in a white shirt is standing on a blue rope and a man in a red shirt is standing on a red rope."
"a man in a red shirt is climbing a rock wall."
"a black dog jumps into the water."
"a man with a red shirt is holding a child on a red rope."
"a man and a woman standing in the grass."
"a brown dog is running in a field."
"a girl in a red jacket runs down the street."
"a man in a white shirt is standing near a woman in a yellow shirt."
"a dog is jumping in the air while another dog watches."
"a man in a white shirt and a blue shirt is standing in front of a white wall."
"a boy in a black shirt and jeans is jumping up and down on a stick."
"a girl is jumping up in a pool of water."
"a man in a black shirt is in a crowd."
"a man with a black backpack is walking down a street."
"a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt."
"a dog runs in the grass."
"a man in a yellow shirt is jumping up and down in a field."
"a woman in a blue shirt is walking down a street."
"a woman in a blue shirt and blue pants is holding a black umbrella."
"a young girl wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a bench."
"a man and woman in a blue shirt and white pants."
"a man and woman wearing sunglasses are standing on a street in front of a store."
"a man in a blue coat is riding a bicycle with a woman in a white shirt and a blue shirt in the background."
"a man in a white shirt and a black shirt is standing in front of a large black and white building."
"a man in a blue shirt and hat sits on a bench."
"a dog and a dog are playing in the water."
"a dog running through the snow."
"a little girl in a blue shirt is standing on a green carpet and is wearing a necklace."
"a boy in a red shirt and jeans plays with a toy."
"a young girl in a swim trampoline."
"a dog runs through the water."
"a man in a blue shirt is jumping on the grass."
"a dog is running through the grass."
"a man and a woman are walking down a street."
"a man in a white shirt and jeans is standing on the sidewalk and is looking at a man in a white shirt and jeans."
"a man with a hat and a blue shirt is standing in the street, on a sidewalk."
"a dog is jumping over a fence."
"a man and a woman are walking through the grass."
"a girl in a blue shirt is climbing a rock face."
"a man is walking in the snow."
"a group of people are walking along a path on an ocean shore."
"a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a bench next to a window"
"a man is walking down the street with a woman in a blue shirt."
"a man is walking down a street with a woman sitting on the sidewalk."
"a man is climbing a rock wall in front of a building"
"a woman in a blue shirt and a man in a white shirt is standing on the beach."
"a man in a white shirt and black pants is in a doorway of a building."
"a man with a helmet is walking in a park"
"a man in a white shirt and black pants walks down the street."
"a man in a black hat and a woman in a red hat."
"a man and woman sit on a bench in front of a building."
"a dog is running through the water"
"a man is climbing a rock wall."
"a young girl in a pink shirt and jeans is on the ground with her arms in the air."
"a brown dog with a red collar is running on a grassy field."
"a man in a white shirt is running on the sidewalk with a snowmobile."
"a group of people are riding a bike on a road."
"a woman in a pink hat is walking through a green doorway."
"a man in a blue shirt and a black jacket is sitting on a bench in front of a building."
"a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on the bed of a car."
"a dog is running on the grass with his hand in his mouth."
"a man is standing in front of a white building, with a man in the background."
"a brown dog with a brown collar is running through a yard."
"the dog is running through the water."
"a man and woman holding hands and smiling."
"a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a blue helmet is running in a field."
"a dog is running across the grass."
"a girl wearing a pink dress and a red coat is standing on a sidewalk."
"a man and a woman in a red jacket are sitting on a bench."
"a man in a white shirt and a black hat is standing in the middle of a field"
"a man in a red jacket is sitting on a bench with a bucket in his hand."
"a woman in a black shirt and a black coat is sitting on the grass."
"the man is wearing a blue shirt and a white shirt with the word 'bounceout on his back."
"a young boy in a red shirt and black shorts walking down the street."
"a woman in a white shirt is walking up a hill"
"a man in a white shirt is riding a bike on a sidewalk."
"a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a red and blue sign."
"a little girl is standing on a stone bench in the woods."
"a dog jumps up and down in the snow."
"a man in a white shirt is walking on a sidewalk."
"a dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth."
"a black dog is playing in the grass."
"a man in a yellow shirt and jeans is standing on the sidewalk in front of a building."
"a man in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt walking down a sidewalk."
"a little boy wearing a purple shirt and a red shirt is standing in a courtyard with his hands outstretched and his mouth open."
"a brown dog is running through a field of grass."
"a brown dog is running through the grass."
"a man in a white shirt and black shorts is standing in front of a woman in a yellow shirt, looking at her phone."
"two dogs playing in the snow."
"a young girl is riding a skateboard."
"a boy in a blue shirt is running across the sidewalk."
"a brown dog is running through the snow."
"a girl is walking in the street."
"a woman with a red hat and sunglasses walks in front of a crowd."
"a brown dog is walking in a field with a white and white striped shirt."
"a little girl in pink is riding a bike through the woods."
"a young boy is walking on a beach."
"a young woman wearing a white shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk."
"a man and a woman are walking in the woods."
"a man is walking in a park with a woman and a child."
"a man is standing on a beach with a woman in the background."
"a dog is jumping over a fence."
"a man in a white shirt is walking with a woman in a blue shirt in front of a building."
"a young boy in a blue shirt is wearing a blue shirt and a blue hat."
"a man in a white shirt and pants is standing in front of a brick wall"
"a dog jumping over a log in the snow."
"a boy in a black shirt is standing in front of a large stone wall."
"a woman in a red shirt and blue pants and a man in a blue shirt and blue pants, smiling."
"a man in a black jacket is standing in front of a woman in a white dress."
"a man in a yellow shirt is standing near a fountain."
"a man in a blue shirt is climbing a rock wall."
"a brown and white dog running through the woods."
"a group of people are standing in front of a building."
"a man in a yellow shirt and blue pants is sitting on a bench."
"a group of people walk down a street"
"a man is walking in the snow."
"a black dog is running through the snow."
"a dog jumps over a hurdle."
"a man in a white shirt is standing on a sidewalk with a young girl in a blue shirt."
"a woman in a blue shirt is standing in front of a rock formation."
"a woman in a yellow shirt and a black and white striped shirt is sitting on a rock near a waterfall."
"a boy wearing a yellow shirt is climbing a rock."
"a girl in a blue dress is standing next to a large white dog."
"a man in a white shirt is walking through a river."
"a girl is climbing a rock wall."
"a little girl with a brown hair is playing in a pink toy."
"a man is sitting on a bench on his back."
"a man in a white shirt and a black coat is holding a large brown dog."
"a man in a black shirt and blue pants is sitting on a bench with a man in a red shirt and orange pants."
"a man in a blue shirt and blue shorts is walking down the street."
