"a man and a woman sit on a bench near a river, to search for bones."
"a brown and white dog is running in the snow trying to catch a squirrel."
"a black and white dog in a blue shirt is running away from the bigfoot."
"a black and white dog is jumping a large stone wall to reach his lover."
"a man and woman sit on a bench near a bridge and a brown dog."
"a woman with a hat and hat on her head is attempting to fly."
"a man in a blue shirt and blue shirt is jumping over the white ball."
"a man in a red coat and blue shirt is wearing a red coat."
"a woman in a white shirt and black pants is in the water with a dolphin in the background."
"a man and a woman in a blue shirt are talking about how to get a car to the moon."
"a woman and a man wearing white and blue shirts are sitting in the grass with a bird."
"a man and woman in a red and white dress and a black dog in the grass."
"a dog in the snow chasing a dog in the snow."
"a man in a yellow jacket and a black backpack walking down a sidewalk."
"a man in a green shirt is in a pool to win the game."
"a man with a blue shirt is standing in the snow and wearing a black coat."
"a man is on a rock climbing wall, with a rock climbing wall."
"two men in black and white uniforms are sitting on a bench and eating hamburgers."
"a man in a blue shirt and a blue shirt is looking at the camera and is talking to a woman in a blue shirt."
"a man and a woman walk in the street like a dog and a dog."
"a man in a blue shirt is on the ground looking for pokemon go."
"a man is sitting on a bench, looking at a picture of a child, dreaming of the day."
"a man in a red shirt is sitting on a bench and looking at the stars."
"a boy with a red shirt is playing with a dog, trying to be a hero."
"a group of people walk on a street with a big yellow sign in front of them."
"a young man is wearing a yellow shirt and pants to show his love."
"a woman in a blue shirt and a green shirt are walking through a field with no sign of a man."
"a man and a woman are standing outside a building looking for a pokemon go."
"a man is standing in the snow with his dog, who is looking for snowman."
"a girl in a white dress is in a parade, with a girl in a red dress."
"a man in a red shirt is jumping into a pool, ready to be a hero."
"a young girl is playing with a toy dog in the woods to reach the bigfoot."
"a man is holding a small child in a blue chair and laughing."
"a dog is running with a ball in the grass, to get his girlfriend."
"a group of people are sitting on a bench in the snow."
"a man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a building with a large crowd."
"a dog is running in the snow trying to catch something."
"a girl in a pink shirt is jumping up in a pool while another girl is playing with a toy."
"a man in a blue shirt is standing on a beach looking for his cat."
"a young man in a red shirt is walking along a beach with a large blue toy."
"a man in a blue shirt and black pants is standing in a grassy field, waiting to be shot."
"a man with a red shirt is playing with a black and white striped shirt."
"a man and woman are playing in the water in a boat, are looking for bones."
"a woman in a red shirt is walking along the sidewalk in front of a building with a sign saying'motorcycle'."
"a man wearing a red shirt and black pants is standing in the snow."
"a man in a black jacket and a hat is posing for a photograph."
"a man is standing in the street with a sign reading 'viking'."
"a man is standing in the middle of a street with a man in the background."
"a man and woman are sitting on a bench while another man sits on a chair next to them."
"a man and a woman walking down a street looking for a dog."
"the dog is running in the snow to find the bones."
"a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock near the water."
"a dog is running through a field to find a bone."
"a woman is standing in front of a building and watching a man and woman sitting together."
"a man in a red shirt is walking down a street with a woman with a red shirt."
"a black and white dog is running through the grass like a spider."
"a man is standing in the middle of the street, looking at a woman."
"a brown dog is running through a field of grass to find the bones."
"a man in a white coat and blue shirt is walking down the street."
"a man and woman, a boy, and a woman, a girl, and a woman, are looking for a camera."
"a man in a blue shirt and a black coat is running in a field."
"a man and a woman are sitting on a bench and a man is sitting next to them."
"a dog running through a field with a stick in his mouth, to catch a fly."
"a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench with a small child in a blue shirt."
"a group of people in a tent in front of a building with a woman in the background."
"a boy and girl are playing in the grass in a field."
"a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in a field full of grass."
"a young boy is standing in the street with a big green toy."
"a man is walking on a dirt path in the woods, to find a tree."
"a woman in a black dress is walking down a sidewalk to get coffee."
"a man in a red shirt and blue jeans, is enjoying the day."
"a young boy is standing in front of a white building and a girl in black are standing in front of a wall."
"a woman with a black hat is standing in the street with a black dog."
"a man in a white shirt is standing in a crowd of people."
"a man in a red shirt is walking in front of the lake, and a woman in a pink shirt is looking for the beach."
"a woman in a red jacket is standing in the grass with a large tree stump."
"a brown dog is running through the grass in the winter."
"a man with a pink shirt and a purple cap is walking on a sand dune."
"two dogs are playing in the grass and playing with each other."
"a black and white dog runs through the grass with a ball in his mouth."
"a man and a woman, with a white dog, are playing in the grass."
"a woman wearing a red hat and a green shirt is standing in front of a man with a brown hat."
"a man with a blue shirt is standing in a grassy yard with a woman who is in a yellow shirt."
"two dogs are playing in a field with a stick in their mouths."
"a man in a white shirt and black pants is holding a child in a red shirt."
"a man and woman are sitting on the floor in front of a computer, trying to learn how to be a leader."
"a man is standing in a snow covered field, attempting to fly."
"a young boy in a red jacket and black pants is looking at a young boy in a yellow jacket."
"two dogs are playing with a stick in the snow to find a bone."
"a man is riding a bicycle on the street to find a secret place."
"a woman in a red coat sits in the water with a fish in her mouth."
"a girl with a black jacket and white shirt is in the water with a little girl in the water."
"a man in a blue shirt and a black coat is standing in a field with a flock of pigeons."
"two men in blue and white coats walking down the sidewalk with a sign saying 'pigeon flies'."
"a woman is jumping through a pool while a man is holding her."
"a man and woman in white and black are sitting in a large restaurant."
"a man wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants standing on the sidewalk looking for pokemon go."
"a man is riding his bike on a dirt track looking for pokemon go."
"a man in a white shirt and black pants is standing on a white hillside."
"a man with a black shirt is wearing a blue shirt and sunglasses."
"a man in a red shirt is standing in the snow with a black umbrella and a blue hat."
"a man and woman sitting together in a cafe, a woman is reading a book."
"a brown dog in a white coat is running towards the camera."
"a man with a yellow shirt is walking down a street with a large sign reading's's."
"a boy jumps into a swimming pool and catches a fish."
"a woman in a red jacket stands on a bench and looks at a pile of rocks."
"a man is walking through a field of flowers, as a girl is walking past him."
"a man with a blue shirt and a blue shirt is walking in the woods."
"a man is walking down a street with a woman who is on a bike."
"a dog in a red coat leaps over a pole in a field of flowers to get the flowers."
"a man in a blue shirt is playing with a dog on the beach."
"a man with a helmet is riding a bicycle on a busy street."
"a group of people are sitting on a bench in a park waiting for a train."
"a man in a wheelchair is jumping high in the air."
"a man is standing on a balcony with a woman in a dress to impress her."
"a black dog is running in the snow with his feet in the air to get away from his owner."
"a dog is running through the water like a bird."
"a black and white dog is jumping through a black and white tunnel."
"a man in a white shirt is walking a dog in the snow to get to his girlfriend."
"a dog jumps over a pole in the grass to see his master."
"a dog running across the grass, like a dog."
"a man is riding a bike with a woman in a red dress, to show her love."
"a man is playing a game of fetch with a dog on a field."
"a person in a green shirt is standing on a sandy beach waiting for his flight."
"a black dog runs through a field of grass, hoping to catch a frisbee."
"a man and a woman in a yellow shirt and black pants are sitting in a crowd of people."
"a man and woman sit on a bench outside a store and a man and woman sit on the counter."
"a man in a red shirt is playing the guitar with a woman who is wearing a red shirt."
"a man and woman sit on a bench and wait for the train."
"a man and a woman are sitting on a bench on a busy street."
"a woman in a blue and white shirt is playing a guitar in the snow."
"a man in a red jacket is sitting on a bench reading a book with a book in his hand."
"a group of people are standing on a street looking for the missing."
"a man is standing in the snow with a snowboard in front of a building."
"a group of people on a beach on a beautiful beach, trying to reach the moon."
"a man and woman sit together on a couch in front of the mirror."
"a man with a white beard is standing in front of a woman with a green wig."
"a girl in a pink and white dress stands in a crowd to get her hair done."
"a man in a white shirt is sitting on a bench on a sunny day."
"a boy and a woman in a black and white dress play with a dog."
"the man is standing in front of a red car in front of a sign reading 'christianity'."
"a man and a woman in a green jacket are walking in the woods."
"a woman in a dress and a white hat walks through a city looking for aliens."
"a man in a blue shirt is standing on a rock to find pokemon go."
"a black and white dog running in the snow to get his toy."
"a person is standing in a snow covered area in front of a large building with a snow covered face."
"a woman and child stand outside the water, to save the day."
"a boy in a red jacket is riding a skateboard to reach the outer reaches of outer space."
"a black dog runs in a field to catch a ball."
"a brown dog runs in the grass, chasing a raccoon."
"a dog is running through the grass with a ball in his mouth to win the ball."
"a woman is standing in a crowd with a dog in front of a tree to catch a fly."
"a woman in a blue dress and a black hat is walking down a street."
"a man in a white shirt and a black hat walking through the forest looking for pokemon go."
"a man is riding a bicycle with a woman on the back."
"a woman is sitting on the ground in a park, waiting to be attacked by a dog."
"a man in a red shirt is running in a race, hoping to win the race."
"a woman in a yellow shirt is standing in the street with a big brown dog."
"a group of people sitting on a bench and looking at a woman in a black dress."
"a brown dog is running through a field of grass to find bones."
"two dogs are running in the grass, in search of bones."
"a boy in a blue shirt stands in front of a building with graffiti."
"a woman in a red shirt stands on a rock and a man in a white shirt in the snow."
"a brown dog is running in the snow in a field full of snow."
"a black dog runs through the grass to catch a fish."
"a person in a red jacket is standing on the sidewalk with a black umbrella."
"a man in a black jacket and a blue shirt is standing in a parking lot with a crowd of people."
"a man wearing a black shirt is sitting on a bench on a dirt road with no light."
"a black dog runs through the snow trying to catch a piece of ice."
"a brown dog is running through the grass, thinking it is a man."
"a woman with a tan coat is standing in front of a man with a blue coat."
"a dog in a yellow shirt is jumping through a tunnel to find treasure."
"a girl in a blue shirt is sitting on a rock in the woods."
"a man in a red shirt is holding a baby on his lap."
"a woman in a white shirt and black and white pants sitting in a booth with a woman in a red shirt and red pants."
"a group of people walking down a street with a wooden bench, ready to be rock climbers."
"a boy in a blue shirt is being chased by a black dog."
"a woman in a red jacket and a green shirt with a tattoo on her arm, to show she is a girl."
"a dog running in the snow with a stick in his mouth to catch something."
"a young man wearing a black shirt and jeans is running towards a crowd of people."
"a man in a red shirt is standing in a field to impress a woman."
"a man in a yellow shirt is sitting in a crowd waiting for the train to stop."
"a man in a blue shirt is climbing a hill to find the moon."
"a boy jumps high in a pool to avoid being eaten by a mermaid."
"a man in a black jacket is standing in a green field with a man with a headband."
"a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a building, waiting for his lover."
"a man is in a yellow jacket and holding a small child in his arms."
"a man in a white shirt is sitting on the grass and a dog is barking."
"a woman in a black dress standing on a street with a large sign."
"a man in a blue shirt is riding a skateboard in the snow to get to his wife."
"a brown dog and a brown dog are playing with a stick in the snow."
"a dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in his mouth."
"a black dog with a yellow collar is sitting in the grass."
"a person in a green jacket is riding a bicycle on a dirt road to get to his girlfriend."
"a boy in a red and blue shirt is playing in the snow with a snowman."
"a man in a shirt is walking down a street with his arms outstretched and looking for pokemon go."
"a group of people are sitting on a bench to be watched by a bird."
"a man in a red shirt is riding a bike in the woods."
"a woman and a man, two children, in a play area, with a picture of the late singer."
"a man with a helmet and a blue shirt is standing on a beach with a tree trunk."
"a dog is running through the snow to find his lost toy."
"a woman and a man are sitting together in a room together."
"a man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is riding a bike through the woods."
"a brown dog is running through grass to search for bones."
"a woman in a black shirt and a black jacket is on a sidewalk searching for pokemon go."
"the dog is running with a ball in his mouth to reach the ball."
"a dog is running through the water with a ball in his mouth to impress his master."
"a boy in a white shirt is running on a grassy field to find a bone."
"a young boy in a pink shirt is jumping over a stone wall with a ball in his hand."
"a man in a blue jacket and a white shirt is standing in front of a building looking for gold."
"a young man wearing a blue shirt and a blue shirt is standing in the street in a black shirt."
"a man in a red shirt is playing a guitar in the woods."
"a man with a helmet and helmet stands in front of a crowd of people and he is a hero."
"a group of people stand in front of a building and a man holds a picture of a dog."
"a black dog is running through a field full of snow."
"a dog and a dog are playing in the snow with a ball."
"a dog running in a field to find the bones of a lizard."
"a man in a red shirt is riding a skateboard in a snowy snow area."
"a man in a white shirt is walking down a sidewalk, ready for a fight."
"a man in a red shirt is sitting in a chair with a small boy in a blue shirt."
"a woman with a red shirt and a pink shirt is playing with a green ball."
"a man in a red shirt is standing on a snow covered hill and staring at the camera."
"a dog is running in the snow, searching for bones."
"a woman in a dress and a black hat is standing on a bench with a snowman."
"a man is riding a bike in a park to get to work."
"a woman in a pink shirt and a red coat is sitting on a bench with a baby."
"a woman in a red jacket and a blue jacket is playing a guitar."
"a brown dog is playing with a black dog in the grass."
"a boy is standing in the snow and snow with his arms outstretched in front of him."
"a man is jumping on a bike in a snowy landscape like a snowman."
"a woman with a black and brown hair is standing next to a man with a red hat."
"a brown dog and a black dog are in a race to catch a frisbee."
"a man in a black shirt stands by a woman in a blue jacket."
"two women walking in the street, one with a camera, the other with a camera."
"a brown dog is running through the grass to find a bone."
"a boy and a boy in a shirt and jeans are playing a game of fetch with a girl."
"a man in a shirt is standing in the street trying to reach the moon."
"two people sit on a bench at a table in the woods, waiting for the night."
"a man in a black shirt and shirt is playing with a ball in a park."
"a group of people are sitting on a sidewalk looking for a helicopter."
"a man and woman, who are both in a black and white outfit, are in love."
"a dog is playing with a toy in the snow like a bird."
"a woman in a blue coat is walking on a sidewalk with her dog."
"a group of people sitting in a field looking for a black dog."
"a boy in a red shirt is walking in the snow and snow covered with snow."
"a man in a white shirt and a black shirt is jumping a red and blue toy to the moon."
"two dogs play in the snow with a man in the background."
"a man in a black jacket is sitting on a bench while another man sits on it."
"a man and a woman stand in the street with their cars parked in the street."
"a young boy is playing with a toy with a blue toy in his mouth."
"a man is playing soccer in the background of a stadium, while the crowd watches."
"a man in a white shirt is playing guitar, while others are playing drums."
"a man in a red jacket is walking through the woods with a woman behind him."
"a man and woman sit on a bench and stare at each other while holding a bottle."
"a woman is sitting on the sidewalk waiting for her dog."
"a young boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a stick."
